come to the newbie come to the beach ice
cream ice cream orange red and green in
there might be some watermelon come to
the beach hey can I dig with you sure
hey hello come buy ice cream watermelon
I'll buy some butter please thank you
when Ned are you getting her mm-hmm hey
no splashing fine oh
but bring some music Oh boom boom boom
boom boom ding ding ding ding funnin hey
this is my Beach not all yours what's to
share well it's mine right boxer well
it's mostly everybody because the world
is not all yours and my friends will be
coming to the beach so you might want to
hurry and walk away but we want to stay
but it rock beach who would you like to
be at beach geez well you guys can stay
today but tomorrow my friends are going
to come over you guys are gonna be
scaredy cats huh wonder what that was
all about probably not like mmm
suggestions something hey you wanna get
I'll buy an ice cream we could have an
ice cream
die come over here mom I want to go to
the beach well there's a frightening
person who's gonna come and she will not
be nice I want to go fine but i'll have
to stay with you tomorrow later boom
boom boom boom hey guys like my friends
ah hey everybody needs to stay at the
beach this is where we this is where we
like and you can't make us go away oh
all right all right now oh you can't
make us go away you never can never will
and that's what we want and you can't
make us wait with your friend Eddie
writing hahaha mMmmm and how are you
gonna make us go away well we're gonna
push you off the beach in make you go
into the water and then you guys will
all have to live in the water town no oh
mm-hmm come on guys it is you good
please
help us we're drowning mm-hmm well you
can't make me cuz I fly not unless we
pick off your feathers well mmm mm-hmm
ready set oh and add a little ice cream
to that yeah we get the beach bag